# May 10th (6 PM CST)/11th (9 AM JST) Meeting 2022

[A Telegram channel for people who ask you about where to join a channel](https://t.me/BitcoinDLCs)

## Individual Updates (Sync)

* **#Query(Nadav)**
* **#Query(Chris)**
* **#Query(Matt)**
* **#Query(Tibo)**
* **#Query(Ben)**
* **#Query(Lloyd)**
* **#Query(Antoine)**
* **#Query(Aki)**
* **#Query(Philipp)**
* **#Query(all)**

## Implementation Updates (Sync)

* bitcoin-s

* rust-dlc

* atomic finance

* gun.fun

* others?

## Specification Writing

**#Status_Update_Interrupt**

* Message Segmentation
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/192/
* Validation of offers and announcements
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/193
* Messaging and Serialization Breaking Changes
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/163
  * Just needs a second impl
    * And maybe some review on the bound proposals on some values
  * Anything new?
    * **#Discussion**
* P2P discussion (Transport Layer Specs)
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-March/000135.html
  * Anything new?
    * **#Discussion**

## DLC Research

**#Query(Lloyd)**