# April 12th (6 PM CST)/9th (9 AM JST) Meeting 2022

## Individual Updates (Sync)

* **#Query(Nadav)**
* **#Query(Chris)**
* **#Query(Matt)**
* **#Query(Tibo)**
* **#Query(Ben)**
* **#Query(Lloyd)**
* **#Query(all)**

## Implementation Updates (Sync)

* bitcoin-s
* rust-dlc
* atomic finance
* GUN
* others?

## Specification Writing

**#Status_Update_Interrupt**

* Bitcoin 2022 was fun :)
  * Anyone have any takeaways to share?
* Validation of contract descriptors
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/187
  * Good for merge
* Messaging and Serialization Breaking Changes
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/163
  * Just needs a second impl
    * And maybe some review on the bound proposals on some values
  * Anything new?
* Conjunctive Contract Interest
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-January/000098.html
  * If anyone wanted to attempt writing a spec, feel free
* P2P discussion (Transport Layer Specs)
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-March/000135.html
  * **#Discussion**

## DLC Research

**#Query(Lloyd)**