# March 8th (6 PM CST)/9th (9 AM JST) Meeting 2022

## Individual Updates (Sync)

* **#Query(Nadav)**

* **#Query(Chris)**

* **#Query(Matt)**

* **#Query(Tibo)**

* **#Query(Jesse)**

* **#Query(Ben)**

* **#Query(Lloyd)**

* **#Query(Aki)**

* **#Query(all)**

## Implementation Updates (Sync)

* bitcoin-s
* rust-dlc
* atomic finance
* others?

## Specification Writing

**#Status_Update_Interrupt**

* Changing serialization breaks contract ids
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-February/000116.html
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/188
  * Any Updates?
    * **#Query(Tibo, Chris)**
* Mutual Close Message
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/170
  * Any Updates?
    * **#Query(Matt)**
* Validation of contract descriptors
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/187
* Messaging and Serialization Breaking Changes
  * https://github.com/discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs/pull/163
  * Any Updates?
    * **#Query(Tibo)**
* Conjunctive Contract Interest
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-January/000098.html
  * If anyone wanted to attempt writing a spec, feel free
* P2P discussion (Transport Layer Specs)
  * **#Discussion**
* Recurring Payments
  * https://mailmanlists.org/pipermail/dlc-dev/2022-March/000126.html
  * **#Query(Chris)**
* Bitcoin 2022
  * Who's coming?
  * Let's meet up!

## DLC Research

**#Query(Lloyd)**